Require encryption to store AI Assistant API keys (#8813)
wazuh/wazuh-kibana-app: plugins/wazuh-ai-assistant/docs/ENCRYPTION.md

   `wazuhAiAssistant` plugin id.

> 3. Restart OpenSearch Dashboards. On startup this plugin logs one line stating whether encryption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Restart Wazuh dashboard. On startup this plugin logs one line stating whether encryption
```
